"Hine's the only one who doesn't know
You should tell her yourself"
"A house needs a sturdy foundation to withstand the elements..."
"We're almost ready to eat, you two
I made your favorite stew for dinner"
"Yay!"
"It's almost dinner time
Let's call it a day"
"Look, Mavuika!"
"You were supposed to be listening to me!"
"Don't be mad, sis
It's a bookmark!
To save our place. Hee-hee, till next time!"
"C'mon, let's go eat
I have something to tell you"
"You're gonna head five hundred years in the future..."
"You're just gonna... You're just gonna die?"
"I'll come find you one day!"
"I know I can't live that long
But I'll think of something!"
"There has to be a way for us to meet again one day!"
"I couldn't find anything about Hine"
"I'm sorry
I'm sure she lived a happy life
If uneventful in the end"
"...Mm"
"This book belonged to someone who helped my family a super long time ago
We kept it safe for you"
"There's a bunch of old designs inside...
Dunno what they're for"
"Thank you
This means a lot to me"
"Why don't I walk you home?
I'd like to thank your family too"
"By the way
Do you like stew?"
"Huh? Oh... It... It's my favorite!"